Release notes 2.14.12 (#11491)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.14.12

> ### Dynamic time-span filtering and customizable flow run visualization

Author: @zhen0 does this heading sound good to you?

Reviewer: I think that over plays it a bit. The visualizations haven't changed much.

Author: please go ahead and change. it didn't have a title.

Reviewer: Maybe "Increased customization of date and time filters across the UI"

Author: done!

Reviewer: Thank you

> ### Dynamic time-span filtering and customizable flow run visualization

Author: ```suggestion
### Increased customization of date and time filters across the UI
```

> Building on the updates to the dashboard we made in last week's release, we've updated the flow runs page to support relative time spans like "Past 7 days". This means it's much easier to quickly see what's happening right now (e.g. "Past 1 hour") or what's coming up next (e.g. "Next 15 minutes"). You can also select and filter by specific date and time ranges. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Building on the enhancements to the dashboard we made in last week's release, we've updated the flow runs page to support relative time spans such as "Past 7 days". These changes make it easier to quickly see what's recently occurred (e.g. "Past 1 hour") and what's coming up next (e.g. "Next 15 minutes"). You can also select and filter by specific date and time ranges. 
```

> We have also updated saved filters on the flow runs page so it is possible to save date ranges when saving a custom filter. For example, it's now possible to creatie a view of the past 6 hours of runs for a specific work pool!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have also updated saved filters on the flow runs page so you can save date ranges as part of a custom filter. For example, it's now possible to create a view of the past 6 hours of runs for a specific work pool!
```

> The Flows page also has the same updated date and time filters so you have more control over how you filter and view runs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Flows page uses the same updated date and time filters so you have more control over how you filter and view runs. 
```

> See our [![short loom demo](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/assets/42048900/4dc01ec0-0776-49b4-bbc4-a1472c612e4f)](https://www.loom.com/share/95113969257d4cffa48ad13f943f950f?sid=b20bc27c-0dc2-40be-a627-a2148942c427) and the following PRs for implementation details:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See our [![short loom video demo](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/assets/42048900/4dc01ec0-0776-49b4-bbc4-a1472c612e4f)](https://www.loom.com/share/95113969257d4cffa48ad13f943f950f?sid=b20bc27c-0dc2-40be-a627-a2148942c427) and the following PRs for implementation details:
```

- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11473
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11481

### Enhancements
- Update default pause/suspend timeout to 1 hour — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11437

### Fixes
- Resolve environment variables during `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11463
- Fix prompt and role assignment in `ContainerInstanceProvisioner` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11440
- Ensure dashboard header is responsive to varying tag and date input sizes — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11427
- Fix error when deploying a remotely loaded flow with options — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11484

### Experimental
- Remove title/description from `RunInput` model — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11438

### Documentation
- Add guide to optimizing your code for big data — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11225
- Add guide for integrating Prefect with CI/CD via GitHub Actions — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11443

> - Expand upon managed execution and provisioned infrastructure push work pool to tutorial — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11444

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Expand upon managed execution and provisioned infrastructure push work pool in tutorial — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11444
```

- Revise Quickstart to include benefits, remote execution, and core concepts — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11461
- Add additions to human-in-the-loop documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11487
- Rename guide on reading and writing data to and from cloud provider storage - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11441
- Update formatting and work pool docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11479
- Add documentation for `wait_for_input` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11404
- Fix typo in documentation on`prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11488
- Add troubleshooting instructions for agents — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11475
- Update README example and language - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11171

> - Fix workers graph rendering in documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11455

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix workers graph rendering — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11455
```

### Documentation
- Add guide to optimizing your code for big data — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11225
- Add guide for integrating Prefect with CI/CD via GitHub Actions — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11443
- Expand upon managed execution and provisioned infrastructure push work pool to tutorial — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11444
- Revise Quickstart to include benefits, remote execution, and core concepts — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11461
- Add additions to human-in-the-loop documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11487
- Rename guide on reading and writing data to and from cloud provider storage - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11441
- Update formatting and work pool docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11479
- Add documentation for `wait_for_input` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11404
- Fix typo in documentation on`prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11488
- Add troubleshooting instructions for agents — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11475

> - Fix workers graph rendering in documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11455

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update README example and language - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11171
- Fix workers graph rendering in documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11455
```
